dw.yile.com yile
test.cdnhotfile.efly.cc test001
dw.test.com ftptest
cdn01.hapame.com youyixing
download.sqsj.cn longyou
cdn.colindns.com lakuo
download9.9hcom.com 9hcom
adjsq.com adjsq
dw.fengzhishen.com fengzhishen
download10.adjsq.com adjsq
patch2.ls.sntaro.com stlong
dl.realplayer.cn realplayer
cdn1.xiyou3.com langqi
down02.fei73.com xinfeiyang
efly.gameislive.com lakuo
dl.cn.real.com realplayer
cdn.01234.com.cn gzyinhan
down.zy528.com zy528
download.leyoo.com sztaole
test002.cdnhotfile.efly.cc test002
rltest.h5game.com h5game
new50down.catv.net catv
test.mx.woobest.com woobest
res99.xfd.game168.com qianye
dl.ljy.wanyouyl.com wanyouyl
sm.ljy.wanyouyl.com wanyouyl
dl.ljy0.com wanyouyl
sm.ljy0.com wanyouyl
cdn.leeuu.net dongyw
play.limaogame.com shlimao
dt.363.com jingj
zzb_dl.aigame365.com xingxing
test.cdnfile.efly.cc test
autopatch.wjyx.com shlimao
download.limaogame.com shlimao
download.wjyx.com shlimao
play.wjyx.com shlimao
dl.go2game.com gzwynet
c.7pk.cn haowan123
download.adjsq.com adjsq
fanxian.cdn.download.553.com haowan123
fanxian.cdn.test.553.com haowan123
qinmeiren.cdn.download.553.com haowan123
www.wjyx.com shlimao
client2.ls.sntaro.com stlong
ping.wanyouyl.com wangyyl
other2.ls.sntaro.com stlong
np2.ls.sntaro.com stlong
