
cdn_longyou_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/longyou.log
cdn_youyixing_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/youyixing.log
cdn_catv_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/catv.log
cdn_yile_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/yile.log
cdn_langqi_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/langqi.log
cdn_shengtl_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/shengtl.log
cdn_fengzhishen_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/fengzhishen.log
cdn_kfkx_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/kfkx.log
cdn_adjsq_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/adjsq.log
cdn_xinfeiyang_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/xinfeiyang.log
cdn_shengyou_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/shengyou.log


cdn_jjplay_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/jjplay.log
cdn_sztaole_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/sztaole.log
cdn_xwjizhite_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/xwjizhite.log
cdn_test001_nginx_stats /opt/nginx_cache/nginx/logs/test001.log
cdn_test002_nginx_stats /opt/nginx_cache/nginx/logs/test002.log
cdn_woobest_nginx_stats /opt/nginx_cache/nginx/logs/woobest.log
cdn_wanyouyl_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/wanyouyl.log
cdn_hainiu_nginx_stats /opt/nginx_cache/nginx/logs/hainiu.log
cdn_stlong_nginx_stats /opt/nginx_cache/nginx/logs/stlong.log
cdn_jingjie_nginx_stats /opt/nginx_cache/nginx/logs/jingjie.log
cdn_jingj_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/jingj.log
cdn_dongyw_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/dongyw.log
cdn_shlimao_nginx_stats /opt/nginx/logs/shlimao.log
cdn_tiantuo_nginx_stats /opt/nginx_cache/nginx/logs/tiantuo.log
cdn_xingxing_nginx_stats /opt/nginx_cache/nginx/logs/xingxing.log
